Add MintHCM to HR (#4033)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [admidio](https://www.admidio.org/) - Admidio is a free open source user management system for websites of organizations and groups. The system has a flexible role model so that it’s possible to reflect the structure and permissions of your organization. ([Demo](https://www.admidio.org/demo/), [Source Code](https://github.com/Admidio/admidio)) `GPL-2.0` `PHP`
- [IceHrm](https://icehrm.com/) - IceHrm employee management system allows companies to centralize confidential employee information. ([Demo](https://icehrm.com/demo.php), [Source Code](https://github.com/gamonoid/icehrm)) `Apache-2.0` `PHP`

> - [MintHCM](https://minthcm.org/) - A professional tool for Human Capital Management. It's based on two popular, well-known business applications: SugarCRM Community Edition and SuiteCRM. ([Demo](https://minthcm.org/demo/) - requires sign-up, [Source Code](https://github.com/minthcm/minthcm)) `GPL-3.0` `PHP`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MintHCM](https://minthcm.org/) - A professional tool for Human Capital Management. It's based on two popular, well-known business applications: SugarCRM Community Edition and SuiteCRM. ([Demo](https://minthcm.org/demo/), [Source Code](https://github.com/minthcm/minthcm)) `AGPL-3.0` `PHP`
```

Couple of changes to be made
